One day, suddenly the adults said,
"Why don’t you give it a try?"
What should we do? We're cowards
Of course, the way we are now,
we know we can't do it (HA-)
But somehow, like accepting a fight,
we nod in agreement
We had no choice, honest people like us
Surely, we’re being tested,
They think if they force
impossible tasks on us,
We’ll definitely give up...
We used to look at the world
over someone else’s shoulder,
But when your turn comes,
You can’t pass, that's the rule
The color you see now,
what color is that?
It's the color of us biting our lips
and giving everything we've got
Deep in our hearts,
we kept whispering it over and over,
What color is that word?
Someday you’ll see...
The reality is so much bigger
than the dream we once saw,
We hesitated, we are timid
"If only we had more time,"
We want to make excuses like that (HA-)
Everyone has to cross
the bridge within themselves,
Come on, let’s cross it, you cowards
No one would blame you,
But making excuses is pathetic,
You should just shut up and do it
Better to cry in the front
than to regret staying in the safe zone,
Even if it hurts, let’s cry in the front
The color you see now
what color is that?
The color we’ve dreamed of
many times in tough moments
We’ll make sure our wishes come true,
What color are our feelings?
We want to say, "Serves you right!"
They called it reckless, but
We can't run away,
In such a vast world,
We sing!
The color you see now,
what color is that?
It's the color of us biting our lips
and giving everything we've got
Deep in our hearts,
we kept whispering it over and over,
What color is that word?
Someday you’ll see